I YouTube what's going on it's mike here
and there it's going to be a next view
on my channel alright so first thing I
wanted to talk about is 5000 subscribers
but I'm nearly there but making YouTube
videos now for I think for three to four
years so it's quite well actually people
might be saying all that shit get ad
made videos for what six month and a
month for k subs or something wait to be
honest not really care i make videos for
fun yeah do try to bear videos that were
entertaining so about that dog just post
month and try to make videos I
entertaining and fun for the people to
watch not just for myself but I met
videos as well so I can look back at
like what I've made by in the past and
stuff and now I've changed and stuff to
tell you now for when I first made
commentaries I'll become a lot confident
confident huh I'm not sure that's even a
word but I'm I'm a lot more confident
now than they used to be which is a good
thing it's always a positive in life I
mean you don't want to bear you don't
want to be going for a job interview
would and I where did you use to work
Michael I've got near past work
experience I'm not sure sir yeah you
don't want to be like that dear you want
to be just want to be confident you want
to be able to look and give them my
contacts to fly that and you know like
Mickey now L videos videos itself like
on YouTube it actually takes some guts
you know I mean when you're being
broadcasted to what 5012 94 5,000 people
it depends how many people watch your
videos like we'd be a broadcaster to a
certain amount of views it does take a
bit box to rumble done about that too
much generally am going to be a sleigh
guide what's coming up soon I just
thought I'm not copying anyone i don't
care if anyone says a copy to one hour
something like that the reason for me
making a sleigh guide is because i'm
actually
slay myself on going for 99 so what I
thought about doing is making a sleigh
guiding them after I've made that guide
in every single task what I do after
that guide like like I'm doing complex
right here now make you guide for the
separate task so that's the video for
you all to enjoy I hope you do enjoy
dad's like I told me what you want do
you prefer guides d prefer be logs
whatever I mean the only problem with
that is a guide can take what one to two
weeks to actually make like edit put
commentary over it make sure it's
perfect and a v1 can take what 15
minutes to make an edit and then you
render it it's going away but it's up to
you what you want it is up to what
everyone wants to watch em leave a
comment below also thinking about making
an IRL video like I don't like a proper
IRL video like we're just go and do some
funny shit stuff like up that should be
pretty cool so about and my last video
not a lot of people like that so I'm not
going to be making in a while up I'm
just going to make whatever people want
to watch fuck just drop my mum's
featured about doing substantive ents
anyway yeah I'll do a tiny shut up in a
5k up so what forward to that if you
want to watch out see ya guys thanks for
watching leave a comment leave a thumbs
up and there i'll make sure to see you
all soon face watching see you later